feat: Allow to restrict MintCoins from app.go (backport #10771) (#11228)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### API Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Features
```

* (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add safety check on bank module perms to allow module-specific mint restrictions (e.g. only minting a certain denom).

> * (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add `bank.BaseKeeper.WithMintCoinsRestriction` function to restrict use of bank `MintCoins` usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add `bank.BankKeeper.WithMintCoinsRestriction` function to restrict use of bank `MintCoins` usage. This function is not on the bank `Keeper` interface, so it's not API-breaking, but only additive on the keeper implementation.
```
